build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe 
build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe vbuild:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe 
build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe vbuild:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe 
build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe vbuild:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe 
build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe vbuild:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe 
build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe vbuild:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe 
build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe vbuild:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe 
build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe vbuild:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe 
build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe vbuild:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe 
build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe vbuild:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe 
build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe vbuild:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe 
build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe vbuild:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe 
build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe vbuild:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe 
build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe vbuild:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe 
build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe vbuild:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe 
build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe vbuild:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe 
build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe vbuild:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe 
build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe vbuild:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe 
build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe vbuild:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe 
build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe vbuild:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe 
build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe vbuild:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe 
build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe vbuild:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe 
build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe vbuild:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe 
build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe vbuild:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe 
build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe vbuild:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe 
build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe vbuild:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe 
build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe vbuild:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe 
build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe vbuild:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe 
build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe vbuild:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe 
build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe vbuild:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe 
build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe vbuild:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe 
build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe vbuild:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe 
build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe vbuild:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe 
build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe vbuild:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe 
build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe vbuild:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe 
build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe vbuild:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe 
build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe vbuild:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe 
build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe vbuild:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe 
build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe vbuild:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe 
build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe vbuild:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe 
build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe vbuild:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe 
build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe vbuild:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe 
build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe vbuild:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe 
build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe vbuild:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe 
build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe vbuild:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe 
build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe vbuild:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe 
build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe vbuild:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe 
build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe vbuild:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe 
build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe vbuild:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe 
build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe vbuild:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe 
build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe vbuild:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe 
build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe vbuild:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe 
build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe vbuild:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe 
build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe vbuild:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe 
build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe vbuild:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe 
build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe vbuild:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe 
build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe vbuild:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe 
build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe vbuild:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe 
build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe vbuild:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe 
build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe vbuild:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe 
build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe vbuild:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe 
build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe vbuild:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe 
build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe vbuild:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe 
build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe vbuild:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe 
build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe vbuild:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe 
build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe vbuild:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe 
build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe vbuild:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe 
build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe vbuild:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe 
build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe vbuild:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe 
build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe vbuild:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe 
build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe vbuild:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe 
build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe vbuild:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe 
build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe vbuild:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe 
build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe vbuild:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe 
build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe vbuild:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe 
build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe vbuild:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe 
build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe vbuild:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe 
build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe vbuild:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe 
build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe vbuild:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe 
build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe vbuild:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe 
build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe vbuild:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe 
build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe vbuild:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe 
build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe vbuild:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe 
build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe vbuild:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe 
build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe vbuild:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe 
build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe vbuild:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe 
build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe vbuild:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe 
build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe vbuild:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe 
build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe vbuild:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe 
build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe vbuild:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe 
build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe vbuild:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe 
build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe vbuild:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe 
build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe vbuild:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe 
build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe vbuild:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe 
build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe vbuild:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe 
build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe vbuild:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe 
build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe vbuild:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe 
build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe vbuild:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe 
build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe vbuild:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe 
build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe vbuild:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe 
build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe vbuild:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe 
build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe vbuild:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe 
build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe vbuild:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe 
build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe vbuild:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe 
build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe vbuild:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe 
build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe vbuild:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe 
build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe vbuild:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe 
build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe vbuild:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe 
build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe vbuild:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe 
build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe vbuild:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe 
build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe vbuild:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe 
build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe vbuild:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe 
build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe vbuild:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe 
build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe vbuild:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe 
build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe vbuild:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe 
build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe vbuild:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe 
build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe vbuild:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe 
build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe vbuild:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe 
build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe vbuild:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe 
build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe vbuild:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe 
build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe vbuild:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe 
build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe vbuild:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe 
build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe vbuild:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe 
build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe vbuild:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe 
build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe vbuild:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe 
build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe vbuild:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe 
build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe vbuild:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe 
build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe vbuild:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe 
build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe vbuild:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe 
build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe vbuild:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe 
build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe vbuild:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe 
build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe vbuild:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe 
build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe vbuild:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe 
build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe vbuild:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe 
build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe vbuild:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe 
build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe vbuild:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe 
build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe vbuild:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe 
build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe vbuild:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe 
build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe vbuild:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe 
build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe vbuild:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe 
build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe  build:
	gcc Filename.c -o myexe
clean:
	rm myexe
help:
	@echo 'Use as make build'
run:
	./myexe v
